# 90.00 - People 

Managing the people you come into contact with each day is important. So is being clear on expectations and direction. The People section helps you with this.

## Managing People

### Creating a new person
You can create a person in the People directory by using the hotkeys `command+p` and type `person` and click on "QuickAdd: Create: Person" then type the name of the person. For example: Luke Skywalker.

When you do this the new person you create will use the `99.00 Templates/person.md` template to:

- Create a directory under `90.00 People` with the persons name. i.e. `90.00 People/Luke Skywalker`
- Create a file with the persons name in that directory
	- This is a dashboard that shows any tasks assigned to the person.
	- To have these tasks show up on this dashboard create a tag for the person. i.e. `#luke-skywalker-todo`
- Create a directory name one_on_ones to store your One on One notes with this person.

### Creating One-on-One Notes
You can create a One-on-One note for a person by using the hotkeys `command+p` and type `one on one` and 

These are the individuals whom I work or interact with. To create a new person use the hotkeys `command+p` and type `person` and select the option `QuickAdd: Create: Person`. This will create:

- Create a directory with persons name in the people directory
- Create a directory for one_on_ones with the person
- Create a file with the persons name in the persons directory

The level of detail given to each person depends on how much I interact with them and how much I want to track at the individual level.



